Project Report.

First we will go over what we have delivered, we will go over each priority and tell what we have delivered.

High Priority:
We have output that is readable, but we weren't able to get it into csv format for inputting into Excel
As a manager you are able to generate weekly sales and profit reports.
As a manager you can input sale prices from the manager page.
As a manager you are able to override products and set them to what the manager wants.

Medium Priority:
We were able to get (semi) automatic purchase orders, whenever a product has lower than 5 items in the inventory it will ask if you want to order more
Every transaction is saved in the database, and can be used by the manager
You can order more products in case of spoiled/stolen products from the manger page
We are able to search the inventory from the manager and the cashier page, but we don't have a method of sorting it.

Low Priority:
We weren't able to tell when products expired/spoiled
We do have user modes, the a person that is a cashier can access the POS cashier page, but they can't access the manager page.
A set of manager credentials can access the manager page and the cashier page so they can do both. You can tell who's credentials are
mangers within the database.

We will now give a brief overview of the product.

The product runs on https://cryptic-crag-17136.herokuapp.com

Which will ask you to log in, you can log into this with your assigned
username and password

After logging in you will be taken to https://cryptic-crag-17136.herokuapp.com/pos this page is the page that the cashier will see when using the product.
We will give a brief overview of the pos page.

On the lefthand side of the screen there are 3 buttons
Manager Page - This will take you to the manager page if you are a manager
Log Out - This will log the current user out
Inventory - This will give a table of the whole inventory table in the database

To the right of that you will see a search box with a drop down menu under it and another table underneath that.
This is the search part of the page! As a cashier you can either search by Price, Product Id, Product Name, or Supplier
The top bar is where you enter your input, if the search finds something it will show up in the box underneath it, otherwise it will stay blank

On the right side of the screen you will see another table that looks like the table on the other side of the page.
This is the cart that keeps track of what the customer is buying. The cashier enters the product id and how many the customer wants of the item
The cart will keep track of the total amount as well.

Moving on..
After the customer has no items left we can move on to the checkout page, you should see a familiar table on the right, all of the items
that were in the cart should be in the table on this page.
The customer can pay either with cash or credit, and after you enter the respective information in the fields the cashier can hit submit and will
create a transaction that goes in the database.
You can also ask your customer for their email and name, if they say no don't worry, its optional!

Going back to the pos page, both the search table and the cart should be clear and the total amount is reset to 0 for a new customer!

If you are a manager you can click on the Manager Page button on the left hand side of the screen.
Now onto the manager page!

You should see some products in the table on the page, those are products that you are low on! With one click of a button you can order more of those products!

On the left hand side you can see some empty fields that have "Update Product Information - Please enter any Product Id and any info you want updated".
Here is where you can override any product in the database, You will need the product id, but any other information is optional to update.

At the bottom of the screen you can create a sale by entering the product id and the new sale price, and click the "Create Sale" button and it will be updated!
